check-check hem show welcome back
I'd like to say hi my name is Al I'm an
enemy harlot all right um I've been
painting enemy for like the last three
years
yeah I'm also currently watching on 291
episodes of Dragon Ball Z um yeah so I
figured I paint a Super Saiyan 3 t-shirt
um yeah then it took me flat balling on
Google to find that picture too
so uh hey here you have another piece of
art um doing something different that I
usually don't do but to come I guess
show people a little bit more technique
from fundamentals all that other good
stuff big works usually when I start
with my dark colors I go ahead and my
shadows dark clothes you know yeah go
ahead and um fill in those areas that
I'm actually gonna be painting with that
color so this way anybody with one
airbrush machine such as myself you
don't have to clean it out and go back
and color it back in and yeah you just
kind of do it all at once but um you
know doing this to kind of shade my
lines
um technique I tend to do you can make
your own something get comfortable with
I use about the middle color okay some
point with me doing the blues I use the
bright blue to do my line work actually
versus the deep blue that actually
filled it in with first for the shadow
zone working on the key itself I use the
dark brown that I'm doing now but I
actually didn't do viim definition lines
with my own burnt orange aka I just took
orange and light brown both transparent
colors and mix them together
it's color that you're looking at now
you know the light brown would have been
just a little bit too dark so uh thank
you feel free to make your own color
that's what I do all those extra bottles
that you run out with you got nothing to
do that now you do got a use for Mon so
they use the UM the dark brown for the
deepest shadow to give it more of a kind
of pop out look um define a couple parts
that were in the picture you know uh
details uh yeah don't x-men gone so like
I said my burnt orange orange light
brown make your own colors if you can't
find something it works
um majority of the G is just a regular
orange on transparent you know hey
easily found color not too much on there
just filling in you notice now leaving a
couple white spots those I'll fill in
with the goldenrod later that's to give
it a couple highlights as far as
lighting etc etc I'm not doing that now
because I'm actually using goldenrod in
the hair isn't so that's why I'm leaving
them white now at this point in the hair
my darkest shadows I'm using a
combination of goldenrod and like brown
she's seen the picture the Super Saiyan
3 you know it's it's a lot of hair going
on yeah as you can see it's a lot of
hair then um again like I said mix my
own color for that darker shot that you
see color I'm doing now is just a
regular gold goldenrod go dish I don't
know what's on the bottle color so don't
quote me
and then I'm just filling in with
transparent yellow for the rest of them
leave a couple white areas in L to come
back in with highlights and just
highlight you know the whole picture
once again now if you're looking at the
G I filled in that gold flow beyond the
highlights off of the orange um kind of
like real life you know if you look at
something that's rare than anything
really ever has a white highlight so I
try not to do it in my I try not to do
it on my uh my heart you just use that
word um skin tone now I didn't use brown
cuz he's not a brown he's on I don't
know what race you would call saying
people so don't ask um the darkest color
as you seen in there is a peach brown
and red mixed together to give it a the
flesh tone feel um that mid color that
you see now is a standard peach that I'm
doing the adjoint of a skin that's flex
shadow then um yeah the fits too now if
you see it you can kind of see more of
exactly what I'm talking about like I
said them darkest color his model mix
little standard peach I'm going to
finish up on peach and gonna finish up
this with own flesh tone it's a good
color I tend to honestly typically do it
more so for highlights because you
generally can't really see it that much
especially with the being on the white
team um I tried it down on this one I
guess I could say I liked it because I
used white highlights on this point I
haven't filled in the eyes yet and I'm
just did
neon green you know supercilious number
one part science we put white highlights
in the eyes as well so that you can see
that and now I'm doing done white and
highlights in the hair the undershirt I
use the stop blue there's the picture
website and even limit calm follow me on
Twitter al Seville Facebook just Seville
on shouts out to arm B productions yeah
and I'm out